\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename b4.info
@settitle b4: The b4 Emacs wrapper library
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for b4, the b4 Emacs wrapper library.

Copyright @copyright{} 2022 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with the Front-Cover Texts being ``A GNU Manual'',
and with the Back-Cover Texts as in (a) below.  A copy of the license
is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation License''.

(a) The FSF's Back-Cover Text is: ``You have the freedom to copy and
modify this GNU manual.''
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs misc features
@direntry
* b4: (b4.info).             The b4 Emacs wrapper library
@end direntry

@titlepage
@sp 4
@c The title is printed in a large font.
@center @titlefont{User's Guide}
@sp 1
@center @titlefont{to}
@sp 1
@center @titlefont{b4: The b4 wrapper library}
@ignore
@sp 2
@center release 1.8
@c -release-
@end ignore
@sp 3
@center Felix Schlepper
@c -date-

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifinfo
@node Top, Preface, (dir), (dir)
@top General Introduction
This package provides an interface for b4, which is a Linux Kernel
script, specifically developed to improve Maintainer and Developer
workflows.
@end ifinfo

@menu
* Preface:: What this Info file is about; brief history and
  acknowledgments.
@end menu

@node Preface
@chapter Preface

Something.
